## Meeting 4

#### Date - 22/05/2019
#### Time - 1:00 PM - 5:00 PM
#### Venue - Toad Hall
#### Attendees - Dileep Vemula, Mansoor Ali Halari, Abhishek Chetri, Kruthi Senapathi

### Agenda
+ Discuss bugs
+ Discuss Documentation

### Discussion
+ Discussed the navigation bug, back button bug and fixed the issue.
+ Discussed the roles in creating documentation for the app


### Action
+ Find more bugs
+ Complete documentation for the app




